Add flow and typescript test apps (#1272)
visgl/react-map-gl: test/apps/flow/README.md

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2105791?v=3&s=200" />
</div>

## react-map-gl example with React Hooks

The configuration showcased here is a bit less straightforward than its browserify
equivalent due to some incompatibilities with mapbox-gl, but has been kept at a
strict minimum.

You should keep in mind that it is a development configuration, and probably

> should be tweaked a bit for production optimization, there is plenty ressources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should be tweaked a bit for production optimization. There are plenty of resources
```
